SOL-45: Updated documentation for analytics table scripts (#3085)
beyondessential/tupaia: packages/data-api/README.md

Using mvrefresh, we are able to update the analytics table when we receive new changes much faster than with a standard postgres materialized view.

### Installing MV Refresh and the Analytics table

Note: Before installing anything, ensure you have all .env vars set up as per the .env.example

Before creating the analytics table, we must install mvrefresh. Run:

`yarn workspace @tupaia/data-api install-mv-refresh`

Once installation is complete, you can check the module is installed by looking in your database and checking that a 'mvrefresh' schema is present. Inside there should be a few tables, and a large number of functions prefixed with 'mv$'.

Now that mvrefresh is installed, we can build the analytics table. Run:

`yarn workspace @tupaia/data-api build-analytics-table`

> This process may take some time (~20 minutes on feature instances). First the script must build the 'log$\_ tables', which track changes in the source tables that the analytics table relies on (answer, survey_response, etc.) Then the table itself must be build, and finally it must be indexed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process may take some time (~20 minutes on feature instances). First the script must build the 'log$\_' tables, which track changes in the source tables that the analytics table relies on (answer, survey_response, etc.) Then the table itself must be built, and finally it must be indexed.
```
